does Amol have the babies at home oh no
the babies are here the babies are here
yes oh did you guys hear that the babies
[Applause]
they're cheering for the babies not for
this person here I'm his Manny is what
it's a nanny who's a man you got a man
that's not what your wife said so based
on your physique I guess you're
breastfeeding the children no no I
actually just wanted to get their nap so
I brought them to a place where they
wouldn't get woken up by laughter okay
here well oh dear Moe's not here that's
why you got in here can security come
get him out out of here please check
hero isn't here today you poisoned him
didn't you maybe I don't you know what
Jordan I feel like you betrayed me in a
way bringing him in here and it's not
fair at all I thought I'd bring out the
kids yeah okay that would be nice you
guys you would you guys like to see the
twin
there we go yeah well we get to see the
twin I can't believe he trusts him with
these children it was really ridiculous
out of here right now
it's just sad it's just embarrassing
he's just he's just very good with the
kids
yeah well that was unfortunate but
congratulations to you on the film
[Music]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares